Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?

  Semantic Html means that your HTML is written in a way that is specific to the containing information.
  For example if your creating a nav bar, instead of wrapping your code in divs, you can wrap it in a nav element. Or when you're making lists, actually use
  ul and li tags. This tells your browser as well as anyone looking what your code is doing.

2. What is the box model?

  The CSS box model describes the layout of HTML elements on a document. Every element has a margin,
  a border, a padding, and content. This model just determines how much space element are taking
  and how they're taking up that space. If you inspect your chrome browser, head over to the Elements tab and
  and click on computed. You can see a representation of the CSS box model.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?
  Ids are meant to only be used once while classes are meant to be reused. Ids are selected with a #
  while classes are selected with a dot.

4. What does the z-index do?
  Z-index controls the vertical stacking order of elements that are on top of each other.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?
  'this' refers to and holds the value of an object. Usually 'this' value is determined by how a function
  is executed. 'this' value can be bound to an object using call or apply.

6. What is a callback?

  A callback or higher order function, is a function that is passed into a function as an argument
  and is returned as an output.

7. What is a closure?

  A closure happens when you return a function from inside of a function.
  The returned inner function is now the closure. The closure now has access to its own scope,
  it's parent's scope and its parameters(it remembers the environment of the parent function
  that returned it) and the global scope. It is important to note that a closure stores a
  reference to the variables of the parent function and not the actual value.


8. How does prototype work?
  A prototype is an object that can be found in every javascript object. All objects inherit
  properties from their prototype object. Changes can be made to the prototype object that would
  affect all objects.

9. What is MVC?
  The MVC pattern stands for Model, View, Controller. The model refers to data that your working with
  and in order to display that data we use our controller. The controller is javascript that we
  use to connect back and forth with our data(model) and then connect the data back and forth with our
  view. The view is what the user sees and interacts with.


10. What is the component lifecycle?

  The component lifecycle are events that can happen when mounting, updating or un-mounting
  a component. In react there are various component lifecycle methods such as componentWillMount(),
  componentWillReceiveProps(), componentWillUnmount(), etc..

11. What is REST?
  REST or representational state transfer is a way in which we communicate with api's. It
  defines the standard way in which we design our web applications and communicate with
  others. We use GET/POST/PUT/DELETE to make requests to web servers.



12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express
  req.params, req.query, req.body, req.headers

create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:

SELECT * FROM users;

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':

INSERT INTO users (name, email)
VALUES
("George", "fake@fake.com");

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':

UPDATE users
set name = "Bobby Boy"
where email = "fake@fake.com";

-Delete the newly updated user:

DELETE from users
where email = "fake@fake.com";
